Make Software Content Consistent with Astro Content (#889)
astronomer/docs: software/support.md

---
title: 'Submit a support request'
navTitle: 'Astronomer Software support'
id: support
description: Get Astronomer Software support when you need it.
---

In addition to product documentation, the following resources are available to help you resolve issues:

- [Astronomer Forum](https://forum.astronomer.io)
- [Airflow Guides](https://www.astronomer.io/guides/)

If you're experiencing an issue or have a question that requires Astronomer expertise, you can use one of the following methods to contact Astronomer support:

- Submit a support request on the [Astronomer support portal](https://support.astronomer.io/hc/en-us)
- Send an email to [support@astronomer.io](mailto:support@astronomer.io)
- Call +1 (831) 777-2768

## Best practices for support request submissions

> The following are the best practices for submitting support requests in the Cloud UI or the Astronomer support portal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the best practices for submitting support requests in the Astronomer support portal:
```

### Always indicate priority

To help Astronomer support respond effectively to your support request, it's important that you correctly identify the severity of your issue. The following are the categories that Astronomer uses to determine the severity of your support request:

**P1:** Critical impact, service is unusable in production.

Examples:

- Your tasks are not running and restarting them didn't fix the issue.
- Astronomer is experiencing an incident or downtime that is affecting your data pipelines in production.

> **P2:** High impact. Ability to use Astro is severely impaired but does not affect critical pipelines in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**P2:** High impact. Ability to use Astronomer Software is severely impaired but does not affect critical pipelines in production.
```

Examples:

- The Airflow UI is unavailable.
- You are unable to deploy code to your Deployment, but existing DAGs and tasks are running as expected.
- Task logs are missing in the Airflow UI.

**P3:** Medium impact. Service is partially impaired.

Examples:

- There is a bug in the Software UI.
- Astro CLI usage is impaired (for example, there are incompatibility errors between installed packages).
- There is an Airflow issue that has a code-based solution.
- You received a log alert on Astronomer.

> **P4:** Low impact. Astro is fully usable but you have a question for our team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**P4:** Low impact. Astronomer Software is fully usable but you have a question for our team.
```

Examples:

- There are package incompatibilities caused by a specific, complex use case.

> - You have questions about best practices for an action in Airflow or on Astro.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have questions about best practices for an action in Airflow or on Astronomer Software.
```

> - You have a feature request related to Astro or Airflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have a feature request related to Astronomer Software or Airflow.
```
